Feat/SelectPatient (#180)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

[Scroll back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Select doctor
- Command format: `sd INDEX`

> - What it does: This command filters the patients list and displays only the patients associated with the doctor at `INDEX`.

Reviewer: Perhaps we could add that the doctor's information is shown on the right hand column too.

> - What it does: This command filters the patients list and displays only the patients associated with the doctor at `INDEX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What it does: This command displays the information of the doctor at `INDEX`, as well as the patients assigned to said doctor.
```

- Note to user:
  - The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed doctor list.
  - The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

![SelDoc](images/SelDoc.png)

[Scroll back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Select patient
- Command format: `sp INDEX`

> - What it does: This command filters the doctors list and displays only the doctors associated with the patient at `INDEX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What it does: This command displays the information of the patient at `INDEX`, as well as the doctors assigned to said patient.
```
